# Lijah's Journal

## September 16, 2022

* Website is fully deployed, CSS looks great!

## September 15, 2022

* Worked on CSS stuff for the website and learned a lot about using bootstrap in the process.

## September 13-14, 2022

* Started working on getting a profile page up and running.
* Worked with the team to work out how to get the authentication to work.
* Ran into issues with decoding the token to get the username to work.
* Was able to get some logic down but had to seek help from seniors to decode token.

* I learned how to properly seperate out logic into different useEffect functions when dealing with a multitude of async functions.

## September 09, 2022

* Worked as a team to get the deployment up and running. Ran into some linting errors, but we should be deployed by next week.

* I learned alot about the process of deploying a project and how interconnected Gitlab and Heroku become in order to make a website visible on the internet. Alot of variables need to be established correctly for everything to come together properly.

## September 08, 2022

* Paired with Alex on more unit tests as we gear up for making the deployment work.

## September 07, 2022

* Paired with Alex to work on getting some unit tests up and running.

* We had some difficulty getting them to run properly at first but learned that we needed to be running and testing them in the docker container and not the terminal in VSCode.

## September 01, 2022

* Implemented the Nav bar and added navigation for the routes we have setup.

* Learned how to adjust the to property to properly align the navigation.

## August 31, 2022

* Today I learned that when using a custom user model I need to inherit from the Abstract User rather than just the regular models.Model. This allows for more customization.

## August 30, 2022

* Paired with Joel and Alex today to work through the last of the authentication.
* We needed to implement high order functions to handle logging in and out as well as associating an account with token to gain access to our protected pages.

* Today I learned that the issue we were having on the backend with creating a user was related to an extra field being on our model. After commenting it out we were able to quickly create a new user.

## August 29, 2022

* Alex and I collaborated in making the React components for the login and signup pages.
* We're still having trouble getting the authentication to work and will get help from Joel tomorrow with it.

* Today I learned the "float-end" property for bootstrap will align the div to the right side, which we used on our login and signup form to create a link between the two pages utilizing the Link component in React.

## August 25, 2022

* Alex and I paired and started working on the authentication for signing up and logging in into our app.
* We ran into some merging conflicts and had to reach out to a SEIR in order to fix them.
* We finished setting up the Postgres database in the process.
* We also setup our Account class to take advantage of Django's AbstractUser class.
* We ran into some serious errors when trying to create a user on the backend, we will be building pages on the frontend to test our authentication.

* Today I learned that the Postgres database login information was generated by a script in our relational database folder and that the account name there needed to be filled into our database url in the environment of our microservices.

## August 24, 2022

* Changes to accounts poller, model and encoder to reflect update to rating in activities.
* Worked on how to authenticate sign in and sign up for for our app.

* Today I learned a lot about django authentication and the different built in tools that can be used to verify a user.

## August 23, 2022

* Created delete and get individual account view and got poller up and running to get activity data from activities microservice.

* Paired with Alex to work through some errors I was having in the poller. Through that I learned more about how the yaml file is setup and where the names for microservices can be used, how to make sure I have the correct port setup and where to us directory navigation for the volumes in the poller.

## August 22, 2022

Today I worked on:

* Creating the models, list and create views for the Accounts microservice.

* I wrote the models based on the Excalidraw domain model and tested the list view using Insomnia. Will need to coordinate with the team tomorrow to access Activity model's data in order to test the create view.

* Today I found out I can hold the option key to highlight the properties on the model. This made creating model specific encoders much easier, because I could copy, paste and then format it correctly. I look forward to using this in the future.
